data migration: add an example Parquet file name (#16192)
pingcap/docs: migrate-from-parquet-files-to-tidb.md

    DROP TABLE temp;
    ```

> 3. The parquet files exported from Hive might not have the `.parquet` suffix and cannot be correctly identified by TiDB Lightning. Therefore, before importing the files, you need to rename the exported files and add the `.parquet` suffix to change the full filename to a format that TiDB Lightning recognizes, for example, `${db_name}. ${table_name}.parquet`. For more formats, see [TiDB Lightning Data Sources](/tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-data-source.md).

Author: ```suggestion
3. The parquet files exported from Hive might not have the `.parquet` suffix and cannot be correctly identified by TiDB Lightning. Therefore, before importing the files, you need to rename the exported files and add the `.parquet` suffix to change the full filename to a format that TiDB Lightning recognizes, for example, `${db_name}. ${table_name}.parquet`. For more information about file types and patterns, see [TiDB Lightning Data Sources](/tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-data-source.md). You can also match data files by setting correct [customized expressions](/tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-data-source.md#match-customized-files).
```
